1. Which presentation was the most polished and delivered, and why?
chao zhou,hybrid mobile apps.
His speech speed is good and easy to understand. At the beganning of the presentation, he gave a clear statement
what hybrid mobile apps and why we want to use them. It's because hybrid mobile apps make it possible to embed HTML5 
apps inside a thin native container, combining the best (and worst) elements of native and HTML5 apps. Then 
he showed how a hybrid mobile app works. Application assets like HTML, CSS, JavaScript are packaged through the tooling
made available through Apache Cordova to target platform SDKs. Once built, you have an application that can run like any 
other kind of application on the device. He has also written some actual code to show how hybrid mobile apps are organized.

2. Which topic did you learn the most from and what did you learn?
prakhar doshi,progressive web apps.
I learned:
a. What web can do today?
	he presented a good chart that shows clearly all the areas where web can be used.
	For example, behave like native app, multiple input, access what's around, access device features.
b. Why Progressive Web Apps are better than hybrid mobile apps?
	low friction of distribution, if your progressive web app is online, it’s already accessible for 
	Android (and other mobile) users.
	Better user experience because it is always fresh.
	large data savings, extremely important in emerging markets with expensive and/or slow Internet access.

3. Which talk did you like the best and why?
lu jocelyn han,reflectjs
I have heard about reflect.js a lot but never got a chance to learn it myself. lu's talk answered one of my biggest
question about reflect.js, that is what's the relationship between it and Database sytem. Though her talk, I understood that
Reflect lets developers build engaging dashboards, reports, and views of data in their databases without having to worry about 
building and scaling complex data visualization infrastructure and libraries. So Reflect can be used for any web applications as
long as it use database.