1. Which presentation was the most polished and delivered, and why?
wuyang chen,webRTC
My undergraduate graduate project is about webRTC so I have a fairly good understanding of the basics of webRTC.
Wuyang did give a great talk on webRTC. His speech is fluent and easy to follow  his talk covered the baisc ideas
of how webRTC provides browsers and mobile applications with Real-Time Communications capabilities iva simple APIs. 
He also has given a simple demoof WebRTC.

2. Which topic did you learn the most from and what did you learn?
chunxiao zhang,redis vs memcached
I learned:
a. Why we need Redis or Memcached?
	In scenarios like login, register, search and profile modification. We can use caching mechanism to help us scale
	the application.
b. What is Memcached?
	Volatile memory key-value database, caching small chunks of data(string or objects).
c. What is Redis?
	Remote dictionary server, data structure server, in memory dataset that can be persistence.
d. What are the commons and differences of Memcached and Redis?
   commons: NoSQL in-memory database, high-performance in-memory database service, store key- value mapping in memory.
   differences: for storage, Memcached use strings while redis use objects
   				for persistence, Memcached store data in RAM, Redis provide persistence data storage by snapshot or AOF
   				distributed system, Memcached itself does not support distributed system, while Redis build the distributed
   				system storage on the server side.


3. Which talk did you like the best and why?
pengyu li,web crawlers
My internship in Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences, Tsinghua University is about natural 
language process and I knew the importance of getting a good dataset. I was using wikidumps but I thought there may
be a better way to get the data. Pengyu's topic about web crawler and big data is great and inspired me that WWW is
the sea of data and web crawling or scraping is an effective way to get the data. Crawling AJAX Rendered page is not
easy and Penyu gave us two solutions in the talk, one is simulation, just like end-to-end test; the other one is to 
analyze the request and response packages. Find AJAX request and directly request data from certain url.
